---
youtubeId: LWVKgK0nHd8
layout: projectpage
title: "This Is A Thomas"
description: "Yessiree"
projectyear: 2020
projectperiod: Year 3
project_url: https://github.com/zd2horton/-Pokemon-Bleached-White
date: 2024-08-04
engine: Unity
categories: FinishedProject
skills: "Binky, Binky, Bop"
---

      <div class="column2">
		{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}
	  </div>
Ringo Starr: Every day, the Fat Controller came to the station to catch his train.
The Fat Controller: Hello.
Ringo Starr: He always said to Thomas.
The Fat Controller: Remember, don't be impatient, Thomas. You can never be as strong and fast as Gordon, but you can be a really useful engine. Don't let the silly trucks tease you.
(Thomas' whistle toots)
Ringo Starr: There were lots of trucks, and Thomas worked very hard pushing and pulling them into place. There was also a small coach and two strange things his driver called cranes.
Thomas' Driver: That's the breakdown train.
Ringo Starr: He told Thomas.
Thomas' Driver: The cranes are for lifting heavy things like engines and coaches and trucks.
Ringo Starr: One day, Thomas was in the yard. Suddenly, he heard an engine whistling.
James: Help! Help!
Ringo Starr: A goods train came rushing through, much too fast. The engine was James and he was frightened. His brake blocks were on fire.
James: They're pushing me! They're pushing me!
Ringo Starr: He panted.
Trucks: On! On! On!
Ringo Starr: Laughed the trucks. Still whistling...
James: Help! Help!
Ringo Starr: Poor James disappeared.
Thomas: I'd like to teach those trucks a lesson.
Ringo Starr: Said Thomas the Tank Engine.
(Alarm ringing)
Ringo Starr: Soon came the alarm.
Signalman: James is off the line! The breakdown train quickly!
Ringo Starr: Thomas was coupled on and off they went. Thomas worked his hardest.
Thomas: Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Ringo Starr: He puffed. He wasn't pretending to be like Gordon, he really meant it.
Thomas: Bother those trucks and their tricks. I hope poor James isn't hurt.
Ringo Starr: James' driver and fireman were feeling him all over to see if he was hurt.
(Cows mooing)
James' Crewmen: Never mind, James.
Ringo Starr: They said.
James' Crewmen: It wasn't your fault. It was those wooden brakes they gave you. We always said they were no good.
Ringo Starr: Thomas pushed the breakdown train alongside. Then he pulled away the unhurt trucks out of the way.
Trucks: Oh, dear. Oh, dear!
Ringo Starr: They groaned.
Thomas: Serves you right. Serves you right.
Ringo Starr: Puffed Thomas. He was hard at work puffing backwards and forwards all afternoon.
Thomas: This'll teach you a lesson. This'll teach you a lesson.
Ringo Starr: He told the trucks. And they answered...
Trucks: Yes, it will. Yes, it will.
Ringo Starr: They left the broken trucks. Then with two cranes, they put James back on the rails.
(The cranes lift James away from the field. An o-face Thomas watches as James is put back to the rails)
Ringo Starr: He tried to move, but he couldn't, so Thomas helped him back to the shed. The Fat Controller was waiting anxiously for them.
The Fat Controller: Well, Thomas.
Ringo Starr: He said.
The Fat Controller: I've heard all about it and I'm very pleased with you. You're a really useful engine. James shall have some proper brakes and a new coat of paint, and you shall have a branch line all to yourself.
Thomas: Oh, thank you, sir.
Ringo Starr: Said Thomas. Now Thomas is as happy as can be. He has a branch line and two coaches called Annie and Clarabel. He puffs proudly backwards and forwards with them all day. He is never lonely. Edward and Henry stop quite often and tell him the news. Gordon is always in a hurry but never forgets to say...
Gordon: Poop! Poop!
Ringo Starr: And Thomas always whistles...
Thomas: Peep! Peep!
Ringo Starr: In return.
(Thomas' whistle toots)